README.md, before:

Changelog
V1.8.9 -- Added a new etmplate for teh Destinations page to allow lists of heirachial categories of Locations. 
V1.3.9 -- Bug fix for City Guides, incorrect meta showing.

V1.3.8 -- Removed the warning. 

V1.3.7 -- Added a warning to all pages about the power outage

V1.3.6 -- Added the Company Code field to the booking request. 
		  Added the code to the form js and php.

V1.3.6 -- Added gloabal image rules to show all slider images and 
		  additional content images (not those inside editors) to 
		  insert as background images. This is to keep all the images 
		  the right size.

V1.3.5 -- Finalised the City Guides front and back end. 
		  Localised the scripts file
		  
V1.3.1 -- Fixed the fixed sub nav on single-cityguides.php. 
       -- Fixed the margin being added to teh content area on mobiles. 
       -- Localised some scripts
       -- Minified some css and js files
       -- Removed that emoji crap from the header

V1.3 -- Added draft city guides single.php (single-cityguides.php)

V1.2 -- New City Gudies added to the Locations Page Template

Commit message:

Added the new contact details

README.md, after:

Changelog
V2	   -- Added new address and phone numbers after the office move to chester.
V1.8.9 -- Added a new etmplate for teh Destinations page to allow lists of heirachial categories of Locations. 
V1.3.9 -- Bug fix for City Guides, incorrect meta showing.

V1.3.8 -- Removed the warning. 

V1.3.7 -- Added a warning to all pages about the power outage

V1.3.6 -- Added the Company Code field to the booking request. 
		  Added the code to the form js and php.

V1.3.6 -- Added gloabal image rules to show all slider images and 
		  additional content images (not those inside editors) to 
		  insert as background images. This is to keep all the images 
		  the right size.

V1.3.5 -- Finalised the City Guides front and back end. 
		  Localised the scripts file
		  
V1.3.1 -- Fixed the fixed sub nav on single-cityguides.php. 
       -- Fixed the margin being added to teh content area on mobiles. 
       -- Localised some scripts
       -- Minified some css and js files
       -- Removed that emoji crap from the header

V1.3 -- Added draft city guides single.php (single-cityguides.php)

V1.2 -- New City Gudies added to the Locations Page Template
